Redshift catalog for cluster Abell 2744 (2x2 MUSE mosaic)

Contacts: 
Guillaume Mahler  guillaume.mahler@univ-lyon1.fr
Johan Richard     johan.richard@univ-lyon1.fr

This redshift catalog includes photometrical information based on HST Frontier Fields images.
SExtractor was used to perform the photometry in dual mode: detection was performed on a weighted 
combination of all median-subtracted images(*) and each median-subtracted image was used to measure 
photometry. Magnitudes in the catalog correspond to MAG_ISO value provided by SExtractor. 

ID: SExtractor ID (numbers) or MUSE IDs (starting with "M"). MUSE sources were not detected in the SExtractor 
catalog of the HST images.
RA,DEC: coordinates in degrees (based on the HST Frontier Field images)
Z:  Measured redshift
CONFID: Confidence flag: 1-likely, 2-certain (1 emission line or several faint absorptions), 3-very secure (multiple emissions)
TYPE: Source type (same nomenclature as UDF)
MUL: multiple image system, if multiple. e.g. 33.1 and 33.2 are two images of the same source (system 33).
F435W to F160W, F435W_ERR to F160W_ERR: magnitudes and associated errors
MU and MU_ERR: magnification and associated error. Magnifications values above 30-40 should not be taken at face value as 
a proper computation would be required. Email us if you need one of these specifically.

A special notation is used for magnitudes in the final catalog as follow:

 -> When the magnitude in a filter is fainter than the magnitude limit, the magnitude is replaced 
by the opposite of the magnitude limit. ( e.g.  30.63 => -28.34 ) (the magnitude limit is calculated at 
3 sigma taking the value of the rms map at the location of the object and rescaling it to the isophotal 
area)

 -> According to the SED of each object, when two consecutive points of measurements were separated 
by more than 2 magnitudes a flag of -2 replace the higher values because it's more likely a cosmic 
or defect in the image. These values should be discarded.

 -> When a detection has a magnitude brighter than 25 AND a value of maximum surface brightness minus 
the magnitude (MU_MAX-MAG_ISO) lower than -5.1 the magnitude was also flagged to -2 (this point 
concentrates too much flux in one pixel then is likely a cosmic)

*Preprocessing the HST images with a large scale median filter increases the detection sensitivity to 
sources blended in cluster light.
We subtracted the median  in a running box of 1.26x1.26 arcsec (21x21 pixels) to each of the original 
images in the filters F435W, F606W, F814W, F105W, F125W, F140W and F160W.

Note: very bright or very extended objects become sharper and part of their flux is lost during the process, 
this might lead to a small underestimation of their real magnitude.

